I'm sorry, Mr. Zhang.
Maybe I remembered the previous bracelet wrong.
It shouldn't be the one you're looking for. It's alright.
It doesn't matter about the bracelet.
I heard you live here
I happened to be passing by
Just stopping by to see you wow
Just passing by and giving away so many things?
At the Gao Group
I saw you two bullying Gao Ruonan
Dare to come today
It's not that Lao Niang misunderstood
We always love our daughters very much.
Yes!
I bought a lot of things today and came to see her
Oh, really?
No, why are you still standing?
Come for some tea!
Zhang Lao drinks tea
Stay away from my daughter, brat
How did Lu Xiao and Ruonan meet?
It's the following.
This stinky rascal
He took advantage of being drunk
He defiled us Ruonan
Then he bullies us Ruonan every day
There is such a thing
Elder, let me tell you
He forced my daughter to marry him
You say otherwise
This weak man is just over his shirt now
Have you lived a worry-free wealthy life?
Liu Xiao didn't expect you to be such a person
Do not speak
You two just kick your noses up, right?
I have never regretted marrying Lu Xiao